
**SAMPLE REMOTE COMPONENT**

import {Component} from '@angular/core';

@Component({
  selector: 'load-me',
  template: `
    <h1>I'm a component loaded from a Gist!</h1>
    <h2>{{someProp}}</h2>
    `
})
export class LoadMe{
  someProp;
}

** SAMPLE REMOTE COMPONENT**


# Angular 2 Examples

### Angular 2 Starter Template
http://plnkr.co/edit/2aIgMzUx7XgZe9EA6upB?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

## Http

#### Star Wars Live Search
http://plnkr.co/edit/TWt9Gdo6AdXa2ZMu9tt7?p=preview

## Tricks
#### Always Scroll to Bottom
http://plnkr.co/edit/7yz2DUttPjI5GVJkvr5h?open=app%2Fapp.component.ts&p=preview

#### Focus on Another Field When Hitting Enter
http://plnkr.co/edit/pYJoQYWwGwB11uOdKqTB?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

## Components

#### Smart Container
http://plnkr.co/edit/EIsS2pFsDwATaq1Ibxvb?p=preview

#### Dumb Component
http://plnkr.co/edit/hCCEtt1SVohWN80s0ej8?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

#### Encapsulated Styles and :host
http://plnkr.co/edit/KjmQCnRU6IPNys7VFnoj?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

#### Content Reprojection (A.K.A. Transclusion)
http://plnkr.co/edit/lpOnOtnYxmFI8TiFUoHh?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

#### Multi-slot Transclusion
http://plnkr.co/edit/rnK5YjmAjRh8l1983X9t?p=preview

#### LifeCycle Hooks
http://plnkr.co/edit/iJeBzvMzsXsJH3SKJKZJ?open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

#### NativeElement invokeElementMethod and Renderer Usage
http://plnkr.co/edit/IiIoANW1EIq4BGCRhZ2o?p=preview

#### Placing a Component in Your Template
http://plnkr.co/edit/1RRcrtSzDt4ShlpDFXtU?p=preview

#### Placing a Template in Your Template
http://plnkr.co/edit/9Wyc0GJ1CnC34Z93XIZF?p=preview

#### Creating a Dynamic Component
http://plnkr.co/edit/EimDzA0L2aLYKhYRPmlf?p=preview

#### Dynamically Loading a Remote Component
http://plnkr.co/edit/IpQ2HRa7yBj2YKZdgBZl?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

#### Setting a Property on a Loaded Component
http://plnkr.co/edit/EY9AX6AdqNtAtFyx4SsP?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

#### Renderer CreateElement
http://plnkr.co/edit/cyVTCMsVgGBeUYITnsVl?p=preview&open=app/app.component.ts

#### Using a Differ to Render Templates
http://plnkr.co/edit/ZkdJ9nScDPByFDGmVtnE?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

#### Subscribing to a Child's EventEmitter
http://plnkr.co/edit/zA5AHGGaIPbGKE9ZiDYW?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

## RxJS + @ngrx/store

#### Angular 2 + @ngrx/store Starter Template
http://plnkr.co/edit/avLMS3m0VNMXSfUhT7K9?p=preview

#### Angular 2 + RxJS Super Simple Chat Room
http://plnkr.co/edit/tqZFewX5ZdUYyxDp9LFO?p=preview

#### Wikipedia Image Search
http://plnkr.co/edit/zhVnDBw2yRP3ZnDsj87Q?p=preview

#### Angular 2 + @ngrx/store + @ngrx/effects Early Preview
http://plnkr.co/edit/4z4Vd5zLD5dkwSm07GJk?p=preview


## RxJS Only
#### Observable.ajax Example
http://plnkr.co/edit/J4d6N2KMQKLYsPF6Xmmo?open=app%2Fapp.component.ts&p=preview

#### Multi-select
http://plnkr.co/edit/KcxZHED6ZkfVFY6fOmxW?open=app%2Fapp.component.ts&p=preview

## WebStorm

#### Angular 2 Tips & Tricks Webinar
https://youtu.be/U-GQ8Nz8agY

## In Progress
http://plnkr.co/edit/3xmgyTVFlMGT0KZqdBml?p=preview&open=app%2Fapp.component.ts

## Requests?
File an issue with a solid description and we'll see what we can do.
